.TH "Ecodena::User::models::Programmer" 3 "Sun Mar 25 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::User::models::Programmer \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits User.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetLevel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetLevel\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlevel_f\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBlevel_f\fP = models.CharField('Level of User', max_length=20, null=False)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlevel\fP = property(getLevel,setLevel)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf
Here Programmer is a subclass of object and creates an entity named Programmer.
        Basically it represents the users of ECODENA. They can submit their solutions of various problems.
        parameters: User --> its a class that helps a user to log-in to Ecodena..fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Programmer.getLevel ()"
.PP
Definition at line 122 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Programmer.setLevel (level)"
.PP
Definition at line 124 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.models.Programmer.level_f\fP = models.CharField('Level of User', max_length=20, null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.User.models.Programmer.level_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 124 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.User.models.Programmer.level = property(getLevel,setLevel)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
