.TH "Ecodena::Question::models::TestCase" 3 "Sun Mar 25 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::Question::models::TestCase \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMeta\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetTestID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetTestID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetCaseType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetCaseType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetOutput\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetOutput\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetQuestion\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetQuestion\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__unicode__\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcaseID_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcaseType_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoutput_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquestionID_f\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBcaseID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBquestionID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBQuestion\fP , verbose_name='Question ID', null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBCASE_TYPE\fP = ((0, 'Low'), (1, 'Medium'), (2, 'High'))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBcaseType_f\fP = models.CharField(max_length=40, choices=\fBCASE_TYPE\fP, verbose_name='Type of Case')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBinput_f\fP = models.TextField('Input')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBoutput_f\fP = models.TextField('Output')"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcaseID\fP = property(getTestID,setTestID)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcaseType\fP = property(getCaseType,setCaseType)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoutput\fP = property(getOutput,setOutput)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquestionID\fP = property(getQuestion,setQuestion)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf
Creates the entity TestCase which is a subclass of models.Model.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.__unicode__ (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.getCaseType (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 123 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.getOutput (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 130 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.getQuestion (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 136 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.getTestID (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.setCaseType (self, ctype)"
.PP
Definition at line 125 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.setOutput (self, text)"
.PP
Definition at line 132 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.setQuestion (self, qID)"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.setTestID (self, tID)"
.PP
Definition at line 118 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.TestCase.CASE_TYPE\fP = ((0, 'Low'), (1, 'Medium'), (2, 'High'))\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.TestCase.caseID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Question.models.TestCase.caseID_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 118 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.TestCase.caseType_f\fP = models.CharField(max_length=40, choices=\fBCASE_TYPE\fP, verbose_name='Type of Case')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Question.models.TestCase.caseType_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 125 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.TestCase.input_f\fP = models.TextField('Input')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 112 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.TestCase.output_f\fP = models.TextField('Output')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Question.models.TestCase.output_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 132 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.TestCase.questionID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBQuestion\fP , verbose_name='Question ID', null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 109 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Question.models.TestCase.questionID_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.caseID = property(getTestID,setTestID)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.caseType = property(getCaseType,setCaseType)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.output = property(getOutput,setOutput)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Question.models.TestCase.questionID = property(getQuestion,setQuestion)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
