.TH "Ecodena::Attempt::models::ErrorReport" 3 "Sun Mar 25 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::Attempt::models::ErrorReport \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMeta\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetTimeRequirement\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetTimeRequirement\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetMemory\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetMemory\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetErrorType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetErrorType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetErrorMessage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetErrorMessage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetTestCaseLevel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetTestCaseLevel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__unicode__\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtimeRequirement_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmemory_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBerrorType_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBerrorMessage_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtestCaseLevel_f\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBerrorReportID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBtimeRequirement_f\fP = models.FloatField('Time Required for compiling')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBmemory_f\fP = models.FloatField('Memory Requirement')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBERROR_TYPE\fP = ((0,'Correct Answer'),(1,'Compilation Error'),(2,'Run Time Error'),(3,'Time limit Exceeded'),(4,'Memory Limit Exceeded'),(5,'Wrong Answer'),(6,'Pending'))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBerrorType_f\fP = models.CharField( max_length = 40, choices=\fBERROR_TYPE\fP,verbose_name='Types of Errors')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBerrorMessage_f\fP = models.TextField('Error Message generated')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBtestCaseLevel_f\fP = models.CharField(max_length=40, choices=TestCase.CASE_TYPE, verbose_name='Test Case Level where error occured (Select High if solution is correct)')"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtimeRequirement\fP = property(getTimeRequirement,setTimeRequirement)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmemory\fP = property(getMemory,setMemory)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBerrorType\fP = property(getErrorType,setErrorType)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBerrorMessage\fP = property(getErrorMessage,setErrorMessage)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtestCaseLevel\fP = property(getTestCaseLevel,setTestCaseLevel)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf
Creates an ErrorReport Entity which is a subclass of models.Model class.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.__unicode__ (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.getErrorMessage (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.getErrorType (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.getMemory (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.getTestCaseLevel (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.getTimeRequirement (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.setErrorMessage (self, message)"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.setErrorType (self, type)"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.setMemory (self, memory)"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.setTestCaseLevel (self, level)"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.setTimeRequirement (self, time)"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.ERROR_TYPE\fP = ((0,'Correct Answer'),(1,'Compilation Error'),(2,'Run Time Error'),(3,'Time limit Exceeded'),(4,'Memory Limit Exceeded'),(5,'Wrong Answer'),(6,'Pending'))\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.errorMessage_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.errorMessage_f\fP = models.TextField('Error Message generated')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.errorReportID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.errorType_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.errorType_f\fP = models.CharField( max_length = 40, choices=\fBERROR_TYPE\fP,verbose_name='Types of Errors')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.memory_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.memory_f\fP = models.FloatField('Memory Requirement')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.testCaseLevel_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.testCaseLevel_f\fP = models.CharField(max_length=40, choices=TestCase.CASE_TYPE, verbose_name='Test Case Level where error occured (Select High if solution is correct)')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.timeRequirement_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.timeRequirement_f\fP = models.FloatField('Time Required for compiling')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.errorMessage = property(getErrorMessage,setErrorMessage)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.errorType = property(getErrorType,setErrorType)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.memory = property(getMemory,setMemory)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.testCaseLevel = property(getTestCaseLevel,setTestCaseLevel)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.ErrorReport.timeRequirement = property(getTimeRequirement,setTimeRequirement)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
