.TH "Ecodena::User::models::Profile" 3 "Sun Mar 25 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::User::models::Profile \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetDOB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetDOB\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetAddress\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetAddress\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetGender\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetGender\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetUserID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBisProgrammer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBisAdmin\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetNumberOfAttempts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetNumberOfAttempts\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdob_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddress_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgender_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnumberOfAttempts_f\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBprofileID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBdob_f\fP = models.DateField('User Birth Date')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBaddress_f\fP = models.TextField('User Address')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBGENDER_TYPE\fP = ( (0, 'Male'), (1, 'Female'))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBgender_f\fP = models.SmallIntegerField(choices=\fBGENDER_TYPE\fP, verbose_name='Gender')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBuserID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(User, verbose_name='User ID of user whose profile is this', null=False, unique=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBisProgrammer_f\fP = models.BooleanField('Is a \fBProgrammer\fP', default=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBisAdmin_f\fP = models.BooleanField('Is Administrator', default=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBnumberOfAttempts_f\fP = models.IntegerField('Number of Attempts')"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdob\fP = property(getDOB,setDOB)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddress\fP = property(getAddress,setAddress)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgender\fP = property(getGender, setGender)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnumberOfAttempts\fP = property(getNumberOfAttempts,setNumberOfAttempts)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf
Here Profile is a subclass of models.Model and creates an entity named Profile.
        Basically it represents the profiles of users and admins of ECODENA..fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 129 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Profile.getAddress ()"
.PP
Definition at line 150 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Profile.getDOB ()"
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Profile.getGender ()"
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Profile.getNumberOfAttempts (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 173 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Profile.getUserID ()"
.PP
Definition at line 164 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Profile.isAdmin ()"
.PP
Definition at line 170 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Profile.isProgrammer ()"
.PP
Definition at line 167 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Profile.setAddress (address)"
.PP
Definition at line 152 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Profile.setDOB (date)"
.PP
Definition at line 145 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Profile.setGender ()"
.PP
Definition at line 159 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Profile.setNumberOfAttempts (self, attempt)"
.PP
Definition at line 175 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.address_f\fP = models.TextField('User Address')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 135 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.address_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 152 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.dob_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 145 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.dob_f\fP = models.DateField('User Birth Date')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.gender_f\fP = models.SmallIntegerField(choices=\fBGENDER_TYPE\fP, verbose_name='Gender')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 137 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.gender_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 159 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.GENDER_TYPE\fP = ( (0, 'Male'), (1, 'Female'))\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 136 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.isAdmin_f\fP = models.BooleanField('Is Administrator', default=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.isProgrammer_f\fP = models.BooleanField('Is a \fBProgrammer\fP', default=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 139 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.numberOfAttempts_f\fP = models.IntegerField('Number of Attempts')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.numberOfAttempts_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 175 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.profileID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 132 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.models.Profile.userID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(User, verbose_name='User ID of user whose profile is this', null=False, unique=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.User.models.Profile.address = property(getAddress,setAddress)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 155 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.User.models.Profile.dob = property(getDOB,setDOB)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 148 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.User.models.Profile.gender = property(getGender, setGender)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 162 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.User.models.Profile.numberOfAttempts = property(getNumberOfAttempts,setNumberOfAttempts)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 178 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
