.TH "Ecodena::User::views::ProfileForm" 3 "Sun Mar 25 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::User::views::ProfileForm \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBusername\fP = forms.CharField()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBdob\fP = forms.DateField()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBGENDER_CHOICES\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBgender\fP = forms.ChoiceField(choices=\fBGENDER_CHOICES\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBemail\fP = forms.EmailField()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBaddress\fP = forms.CharField(widget=forms.Textarea)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 12 of file views.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.views.ProfileForm.address\fP = forms.CharField(widget=forms.Textarea)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file views.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.views.ProfileForm.dob\fP = forms.DateField()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file views.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.views.ProfileForm.email\fP = forms.EmailField()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file views.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.views.ProfileForm.gender\fP = forms.ChoiceField(choices=\fBGENDER_CHOICES\fP)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file views.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.views.ProfileForm.GENDER_CHOICES\fP\fC [static]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
(
    ('M', 'Male'),
    ('F', 'Female'),
        )
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file views.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.views.ProfileForm.username\fP = forms.CharField()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file views.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
