.TH "Ecodena::Compiler::models::Compiler" 3 "Tue Mar 20 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::Compiler::models::Compiler \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherited by \fBEcodena.Compiler.models.CCompiler111\fP, and \fBEcodena.Compiler.models.JavaCompiler111\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetLanguage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetLanguage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetCompilerVersion\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetCompilerVersion\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetQuestion\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetQuestion\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetAttempt\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetAttempt\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcompile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgenerateErrorReport\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBlanguage\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBcompilerVersion\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquestion\fP = None"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBattempt\fP = None"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBerrorReport\fP = None"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlanguage\fP = property(getLanguage,setLanguage)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCompilerVersion\fP = property(getCompilerVersion,setCompilerVersion)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 60 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.compile (self)"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBEcodena.Compiler.models.CCompiler111\fP, and \fBEcodena.Compiler.models.JavaCompiler111\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.generateErrorReport (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.getAttempt (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.getCompilerVersion (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.getLanguage (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.getQuestion (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.setAttempt (self, attempt)"
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.setCompilerVersion (self, text)"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.setLanguage (self, text)"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.setQuestion (self, question)"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBEcodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.attempt\fP = None\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file models.py.
.SS "string \fBEcodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.compilerVersion\fP = ''\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.errorReport\fP = None\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file models.py.
.SS "string \fBEcodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.language\fP = ''\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.question\fP = None\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.CompilerVersion = property(getCompilerVersion,setCompilerVersion)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Compiler.models.Compiler.language\fP = property(getLanguage,setLanguage)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
