.TH "Ecodena::User::models::Programmer" 3 "Tue Mar 20 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::User::models::Programmer \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits User.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetLevel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetLevel\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlevel_f\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBlevel_f\fP = models.CharField('Level of User', max_length=20, null=False)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlevel\fP = property(getLevel,setLevel)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 87 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Programmer.getLevel ()"
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.User.models.Programmer.setLevel (level)"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.User.models.Programmer.level_f\fP = models.CharField('Level of User', max_length=20, null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.User.models.Programmer.level_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.User.models.Programmer.level = property(getLevel,setLevel)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
