.TH "Ecodena.Attempt.views" 3 "Sun Mar 25 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena.Attempt.views \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSolutionForm\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBlistSolutions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBviewSolution\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsubmitSolution\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcompileSolution\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.views.compileSolution (version, solution, question)".PP
.nf
compiles the solution by calling the appropriate compiler 
Parameter:version-->contains the version of the compiler that the user has selected
Parameter:soluiton-->contains the solution object to be compiled
Parameter:question-->contains the question object so that the appropriate test cases can be fetched.
returns nothing if the appropriate compiler is available else it gives an error saying compiler not available.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file views.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.views.listSolutions (request)".PP
.nf
lists all the solutionIDs' that a particular user has submitted
parameter:request-->All the details associated with URL 
returns the solutions.html page and the list of solution ids.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file views.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.views.submitSolution (request, questionID, userID)".PP
.nf
Uploading of the solution submitted by the user. The necessary details are added to the database and compiler function is called to generate the error report for the concerning Attempt
Parameter:request-->All the information associated with the url
returns the submitsolution.html page making the necessary updation of the database.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file views.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.views.viewSolution (request, solutionID)"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file views.py.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
