.TH "Ecodena::Compiler::models::Language" 3 "Tue Mar 20 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::Compiler::models::Language \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMeta\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetLanguageName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetLanguageName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__unicode__\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlanguageName_f\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBlanguageID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBlanguageName_f\fP = models.CharField('Language Name', max_length=40, null=False, unique=True)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlanguageName\fP = property(getLanguageName, setLanguageName)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 5 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Language.__unicode__ (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Language.getLanguageName (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 10 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.Language.setLanguageName (self, languageName)"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Compiler.models.Language.languageID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 7 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Compiler.models.Language.languageName_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Compiler.models.Language.languageName_f\fP = models.CharField('Language Name', max_length=40, null=False, unique=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 8 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.Compiler.models.Language.languageName = property(getLanguageName, setLanguageName)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
