.TH "Ecodena::Question::models::Level" 3 "Sun Mar 25 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::Question::models::Level \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMeta\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetLevelName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetLevelName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__unicode__\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlevelName_f\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBlevelID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBlevelName_f\fP = models.CharField('Level Name', max_length = 20 , null = False, unique=True)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlevelName\fP = property(getLevelName, setLevelName)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf
Creates the entity Level which is a subclass of models.Model class
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 8 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Level.__unicode__ (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Level.getLevelName (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Level.setLevelName (self, lname)"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.Level.levelID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 11 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Question.models.Level.levelName_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.Level.levelName_f\fP = models.CharField('Level Name', max_length = 20 , null = False, unique=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.Question.models.Level.levelName = property(getLevelName, setLevelName)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
