.TH "Ecodena::Compiler::models::CompilerVersion" 3 "Sun Mar 25 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::Compiler::models::CompilerVersion \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMeta\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetVersionName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetVersionName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetLanguage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetLanguage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBlanguageName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__unicode__\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBversionName_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlanguage_f\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBversionID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBversionName_f\fP = models.CharField('Version Name (Code or Number)', max_length=40, null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBlanguage_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBLanguage\fP, verbose_name='Language of Compilation', null=False)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBversionName\fP = property(getVersionName, setVersionName)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlanguage\fP = property(getLanguage, setLanguage)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 28 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.__unicode__ (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.getLanguage (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.getVersionName (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.languageName (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.setLanguage (self, language)"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.setVersionName (self, versionName)"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.language_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBLanguage\fP, verbose_name='Language of Compilation', null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.language_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.versionID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.versionName_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.versionName_f\fP = models.CharField('Version Name (Code or Number)', max_length=40, null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.language = property(getLanguage, setLanguage)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Compiler.models.CompilerVersion.versionName = property(getVersionName, setVersionName)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
