.TH "Ecodena::Question::models::Question" 3 "Tue Mar 20 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::Question::models::Question \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMeta\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetQuestionID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetQuestionID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetQuestionText\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetQuestionText\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetQuestionTitle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetQuestionTitle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetComments\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaddComments\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetCommentList\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetTestCasesList\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetTestCasesList\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBremoveTestCase\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__unicode__\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquestionID_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquestionText_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquestionTitle_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcommentList_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtestCasesList_f\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBquestionID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBquestionText_f\fP = models.TextField('Problem Statement', null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBquestionTitle_f\fP = models.CharField('Problem Title', max_length = 50, null = False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBlevel_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBLevel\fP, verbose_name='Question \fBLevel\fP', null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBtype_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBType\fP, verbose_name='Type of \fBQuestion\fP', null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBtimeLimit_f\fP = models.FloatField('Time Limit for \fBQuestion\fP',null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBcommentList_f\fP = []"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBtestCasesList_f\fP = []"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquestionID\fP = property(getQuestionID,setQuestionID)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquestionText\fP = property(getQuestionText,setQuestionText)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquestionTitle\fP = property(getQuestionTitle, setQuestionTitle)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcommentList\fP = property(getComments,setCommentList)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtestCasesList\fP = property(getTestCasesList,setTestCasesList)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 40 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.__unicode__ (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.addComments (self, comment)"
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.getComments (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.getQuestionID (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.getQuestionText (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.getQuestionTitle (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.getTestCasesList (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.removeTestCase (self, caseID)"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.setCommentList (self, commentList)"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.setQuestionID (self, qID)"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.setQuestionText (self, qtext)"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.setQuestionTitle (self, title)"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Question.models.Question.setTestCasesList (self, testCasesList)"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "list \fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.commentList_f\fP = []\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.commentList_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.level_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBLevel\fP, verbose_name='Question \fBLevel\fP', null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.questionID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.questionID_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.questionText_f\fP = models.TextField('Problem Statement', null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.questionText_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.questionTitle_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.questionTitle_f\fP = models.CharField('Problem Title', max_length = 50, null = False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file models.py.
.SS "list \fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.testCasesList_f\fP = []\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.testCasesList_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.timeLimit_f\fP = models.FloatField('Time Limit for \fBQuestion\fP',null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Question.models.Question.type_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBType\fP, verbose_name='Type of \fBQuestion\fP', null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.Question.models.Question.commentList = property(getComments,setCommentList)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Question.models.Question.questionID = property(getQuestionID,setQuestionID)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Question.models.Question.questionText = property(getQuestionText,setQuestionText)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Question.models.Question.questionTitle = property(getQuestionTitle, setQuestionTitle)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Question.models.Question.testCasesList = property(getTestCasesList,setTestCasesList)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
