.TH "Ecodena.settings" 3 "Sun Mar 25 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena.settings \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDEBUG\fP = True"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTEMPLATE_DEBUG\fP = \fBDEBUG\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBADMINS\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMANAGERS\fP = \fBADMINS\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "dictionary \fBDATABASES\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBTIME_ZONE\fP = 'America/Chicago'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBLANGUAGE_CODE\fP = 'en-us'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBSITE_ID\fP = 1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUSE_I18N\fP = True"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUSE_L10N\fP = True"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBMEDIA_ROOT\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBMEDIA_URL\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBSTATIC_ROOT\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBSTATIC_URL\fP = '/static/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBADMIN_MEDIA_PREFIX\fP = '/static/admin/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBSTATICFILES_DIRS\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBSTATICFILES_FINDERS\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBSECRET_KEY\fP = 'k!*n&!9$t9sp61=vq(%t^(k@yz7o^=*y=i2kmxtpi!4+88gyhl'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBTEMPLATE_LOADERS\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBMIDDLEWARE_CLASSES\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBROOT_URLCONF\fP = 'Ecodena.urls'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBTEMPLATE_DIRS\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBINSTALLED_APPS\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBAUTH_PROFILE_MODULE\fP = 'Ecodena.User.Profile'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "dictionary \fBLOGGING\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string \fBEcodena::settings.ADMIN_MEDIA_PREFIX\fP = '/static/admin/'"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file settings.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena::settings.ADMINS\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
1 (
2     # ('Pankaj Bhambhani', 'pankajb64@gmail.com'),
3 )
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 6 of file settings.py.
.SS "string \fBEcodena::settings.AUTH_PROFILE_MODULE\fP = 'Ecodena.User.Profile'"
.PP
Definition at line 139 of file settings.py.
.SS "dictionary \fBEcodena::settings.DATABASES\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
1 {
2     'default': {
3         'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.postgresql_psycopg2', # Add 'postgresql_psycopg2', 'postgresql', 'mysql', 'sqlite3' or 'oracle'.
4         'NAME': '200901032',                      # Or path to database file if using sqlite3.
5         'USER': '200901032',                      # Not used with sqlite3.
6         'PASSWORD': '9328200656',                  # Not used with sqlite3.
7         'HOST': '10.100.71.21',                      # Set to empty string for localhost. Not used with sqlite3.
8         'PORT': '5432',                      # Set to empty string for default. Not used with sqlite3.
9     }
10 }
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file settings.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena::settings.DEBUG\fP = True"
.PP
Definition at line 3 of file settings.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena::settings.INSTALLED_APPS\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
1 (
2     'django.contrib.auth',
3     'django.contrib.contenttypes',
4     'django.contrib.sessions',
5     'django.contrib.sites',
6     'django.contrib.messages',
7     'django.contrib.staticfiles',
8     'Ecodena.User',
9     'Ecodena.Question',
10     'Ecodena.Attempt',
11     'Ecodena.Comment',
12     'Ecodena.Query',
13     'Ecodena.Compiler',                 
14     # Uncomment the next line to enable the admin:
15     'django.contrib.admin',
16     # Uncomment the next line to enable admin documentation:
17     'django.contrib.admindocs',
18 )
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file settings.py.
.SS "string \fBEcodena::settings.LANGUAGE_CODE\fP = 'en-us'"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file settings.py.
.SS "dictionary \fBEcodena::settings.LOGGING\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
1 {
2     'version': 1,
3     'disable_existing_loggers': False,
4     'handlers': {
5         'mail_admins': {
6             'level': 'ERROR',
7             'class': 'django.utils.log.AdminEmailHandler'
8         }
9     },
10     'loggers': {
11         'django.request': {
12             'handlers': ['mail_admins'],
13             'level': 'ERROR',
14             'propagate': True,
15         },
16     }
17 }
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file settings.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena::settings.MANAGERS\fP = \fBADMINS\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 10 of file settings.py.
.SS "string \fBEcodena::settings.MEDIA_ROOT\fP = ''"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file settings.py.
.SS "string \fBEcodena::settings.MEDIA_URL\fP = ''"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file settings.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena::settings.MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
1 (
2         'django.middleware.csrf.CsrfViewMiddleware',
3         'django.middleware.csrf.CsrfResponseMiddleware',
4     'django.middleware.common.CommonMiddleware',
5     'django.contrib.sessions.middleware.SessionMiddleware',
6     #'django.middleware.csrf.CsrfViewMiddleware',
7     'django.contrib.auth.middleware.AuthenticationMiddleware',
8     'django.contrib.messages.middleware.MessageMiddleware',
9 )
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file settings.py.
.SS "string \fBEcodena::settings.ROOT_URLCONF\fP = 'Ecodena.urls'"
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file settings.py.
.SS "string \fBEcodena::settings.SECRET_KEY\fP = 'k!*n&!9$t9sp61=vq(%t^(k@yz7o^=*y=i2kmxtpi!4+88gyhl'"
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file settings.py.
.SS "int \fBEcodena::settings.SITE_ID\fP = 1"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file settings.py.
.SS "string \fBEcodena::settings.STATIC_ROOT\fP = ''"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file settings.py.
.SS "string \fBEcodena::settings.STATIC_URL\fP = '/static/'"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file settings.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena::settings.STATICFILES_DIRS\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
1 (
2     # Put strings here, like '/home/html/static' or 'C:/www/django/static'.
3     # Always use forward slashes, even on Windows.
4     # Don't forget to use absolute paths, not relative paths.
5 )
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file settings.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena::settings.STATICFILES_FINDERS\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
1 (
2     'django.contrib.staticfiles.finders.FileSystemFinder',
3     'django.contrib.staticfiles.finders.AppDirectoriesFinder',
4 #    'django.contrib.staticfiles.finders.DefaultStorageFinder',
5 )
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file settings.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena::settings.TEMPLATE_DEBUG\fP = \fBDEBUG\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 4 of file settings.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena::settings.TEMPLATE_DIRS\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
1 (
2     # Put strings here, like '/home/html/django_templates' or 'C:/www/django/templates'.
3     # Always use forward slashes, even on Windows.
4     # Don't forget to use absolute paths, not relative paths.
5         'Main/Template',
6         'Question/Template',
7         'Query/Template',
8         'Attempt/Template'
9 )
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 107 of file settings.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena::settings.TEMPLATE_LOADERS\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
1 (
2     'django.template.loaders.filesystem.Loader',
3     'django.template.loaders.app_directories.Loader',
4 #     'django.template.loaders.eggs.Loader',
5 )
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file settings.py.
.SS "string \fBEcodena::settings.TIME_ZONE\fP = 'America/Chicago'"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file settings.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena::settings.USE_I18N\fP = True"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file settings.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena::settings.USE_L10N\fP = True"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file settings.py.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
