.TH "Ecodena::Attempt::models::Attempt" 3 "Sun Mar 25 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::Attempt::models::Attempt \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMeta\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetAttemptID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetAttemptID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBisCorrect\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetStatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetTimeOfSubmission\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetTimeOfSubmission\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetUserID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetUserID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetErrorReportID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetErrorReportID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetSolution\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetSolution\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetQuestionID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetQuestionID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetCompilerVersionOfAttempt\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetCompilerVersionOfAttempt\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__unicode__\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBattemptID_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstatus_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtimeOfSubmission_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuserID_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBerrorReportID_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsolution_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquestionID_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcompilerVersion_f\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBattemptID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBquestionID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBQuestion\fP, verbose_name='Question', null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBuserID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(User, verbose_name='User ID', null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBsolution_f\fP = models.TextField('Solution uploaded by the User', null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBerrorReportID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBErrorReport\fP,verbose_name='Error Report for the Solution', null=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBstatus_f\fP = models.BooleanField('Status of attempt - true = right, false = wrong', blank=True, default=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBtimeOfSubmission_f\fP = models.DateTimeField('Time of Submission', null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBcompilerVersion_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBCompilerVersion\fP, verbose_name = 'Compiler version of the \fBAttempt\fP',null=False)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBattemptID\fP = property(getAttemptID,setAttemptID)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstatus\fP = property(isCorrect, setStatus)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtimeOfSubmission\fP = property(getTimeOfSubmission,setTimeOfSubmission)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuserID\fP = property(getUserID,setUserID)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBerrorReportID\fP = property(getErrorReportID,setErrorReportID)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsolutionText\fP = property(getSolution,setSolution)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBquestionID\fP = property(getQuestionID,setQuestionID)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcompilerVersion\fP = property(getCompilerVersionOfAttempt,setCompilerVersionOfAttempt)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf
Creates an Attempt Entity which is a subclass of models.Model class.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.__unicode__ (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 137 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.getAttemptID (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.getCompilerVersionOfAttempt (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.getErrorReportID (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.getQuestionID (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.getSolution (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 112 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.getTimeOfSubmission (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.getUserID (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.isCorrect (self)".PP
.nf
Checks the status and returns its value.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.setAttemptID (self, aID)"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.setCompilerVersionOfAttempt (self, compilerVersion)"
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.setErrorReportID (self, reportID)"
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.setQuestionID (self, qID)"
.PP
Definition at line 121 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.setSolution (self, sol)"
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.setStatus (self, status)"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.setTimeOfSubmission (self, time)"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.setUserID (self, uID)"
.PP
Definition at line 101 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.attemptID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.attemptID_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.compilerVersion_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBCompilerVersion\fP, verbose_name = 'Compiler version of the \fBAttempt\fP',null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.compilerVersion_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.errorReportID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBErrorReport\fP,verbose_name='Error Report for the Solution', null=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.errorReportID_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.questionID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(\fBQuestion\fP, verbose_name='Question', null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.questionID_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 121 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.solution_f\fP = models.TextField('Solution uploaded by the User', null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.solution_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.status_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.status_f\fP = models.BooleanField('Status of attempt - true = right, false = wrong', blank=True, default=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.timeOfSubmission_f\fP = models.DateTimeField('Time of Submission', null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.timeOfSubmission_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.userID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(User, verbose_name='User ID', null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.userID_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 101 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.attemptID = property(getAttemptID,setAttemptID)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.compilerVersion = property(getCompilerVersionOfAttempt,setCompilerVersionOfAttempt)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 131 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.errorReportID = property(getErrorReportID,setErrorReportID)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.questionID = property(getQuestionID,setQuestionID)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 124 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.solutionText = property(getSolution,setSolution)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 117 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.status = property(isCorrect, setStatus)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.timeOfSubmission = property(getTimeOfSubmission,setTimeOfSubmission)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Attempt.models.Attempt.userID = property(getUserID,setUserID)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
