.TH "Ecodena::Query::models::Query" 3 "Sun Mar 25 2012" "Version 1.0" "Ecodena" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Ecodena::Query::models::Query \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMeta\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetQueryText\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetQueryText\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetQueryID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetQueryID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetSolution\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetSolution\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetQueryTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetQueryTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetReplyTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetReplyTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetUserID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetUserID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetAdminID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetAdminID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__unicode__\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBqueryText_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBqueryID_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsolution_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBqueryTime_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreplyTime_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuserID_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBadminID_f\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBqueryID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBqueryText_f\fP = models.TextField('The Text explaining the \fBQuery\fP', null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBsolution_f\fP = models.TextField('The Solution of the \fBQuery\fP', blank=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBuserID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(User, verbose_name='User ID of user posting the query', null=False, related_name='+')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBadminID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(User, verbose_name='User ID of admin resolving the query', related_name='+', blank=True, null=True)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBqueryTime_f\fP = models.DateTimeField('Time of posting \fBQuery\fP', null=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBreplyTime_f\fP = models.DateTimeField('Time of resolving \fBQuery\fP', blank=True, null=True)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBqueryText\fP = property(getQueryText, setQueryText)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBqueryID\fP = property(getQueryID, setQueryID)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsolution\fP = property(getSolution, setSolution)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBqueryTime\fP = property(getQueryTime, setQueryTime)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreplyTime\fP = property(getReplyTime, setReplyTime)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuserID\fP = property(getUserID, setUserID)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBadminID\fP = property(getAdminID, setAdminID)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf
Here Query is subclass of models.Model and Creates an entity named Query..fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 8 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.__unicode__ (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.getAdminID (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.getQueryID (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.getQueryText (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.getQueryTime (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.getReplyTime (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.getSolution (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.getUserID (self)"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.setAdminID (self, aID)"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.setQueryID (self, qID)"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.setQueryText (self, text)"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.setQueryTime (self, Timestamp)"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.setReplyTime (self, Timestamp)"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.setSolution (self, code)"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file models.py.
.SS "def Ecodena.Query.models.Query.setUserID (self, uID)"
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file models.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.adminID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(User, verbose_name='User ID of admin resolving the query', related_name='+', blank=True, null=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.adminID_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.queryID_f\fP = models.AutoField(primary_key=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 10 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.queryID_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.queryText_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.queryText_f\fP = models.TextField('The Text explaining the \fBQuery\fP', null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 11 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.queryTime_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.queryTime_f\fP = models.DateTimeField('Time of posting \fBQuery\fP', null=False)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.replyTime_f\fP = models.DateTimeField('Time of resolving \fBQuery\fP', blank=True, null=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.replyTime_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.solution_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.solution_f\fP = models.TextField('The Solution of the \fBQuery\fP', blank=True)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file models.py.
.SS "tuple \fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.userID_f\fP = models.ForeignKey(User, verbose_name='User ID of user posting the query', null=False, related_name='+')\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file models.py.
.SS "\fBEcodena.Query.models.Query.userID_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file models.py.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Ecodena.Query.models.Query.adminID = property(getAdminID, setAdminID)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Query.models.Query.queryID = property(getQueryID, setQueryID)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Query.models.Query.queryText = property(getQueryText, setQueryText)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Query.models.Query.queryTime = property(getQueryTime, setQueryTime)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Query.models.Query.replyTime = property(getReplyTime, setReplyTime)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Query.models.Query.solution = property(getSolution, setSolution)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file models.py.
.SS "Ecodena.Query.models.Query.userID = property(getUserID, setUserID)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file models.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Ecodena from the source code.
